For me there's not one best career that you can go into, I think even
for me I had many opportunities that were available to me, I could of
went into music I could of went into art, I chose engineering because
I like the challenge I like to challenge myself to figure out things
that I've never figured out before and to try to I don't know,
ha, get the most money that I can with the amount of intelligence that
I have. But really, you should, you should have your future salary
in mind you shouldn't just push that under the rug but it should be
a balance between the passion that you have for what you want to do
because that will help you be promoted and that'll help you enjoy
every single day, you know, for the things you're doing until the time
that you retire and salary and you have to have the passion you know
you have to have those two balanced to have a good quality job.